c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Orbis.Api.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Orbis.Api.pdb
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\MongoDB.Bson.pdb
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\MongoDB.Driver.pdb
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\obj\Debug\Orbis.Api.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\obj\Debug\Orbis.Api.dll
c:\users\preslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\obj\Debug\Orbis.Api.pdb
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Orbis.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Orbis.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Orbis.DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Orbis.pdb
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\NLog.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\NLog.xml
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Orbis.Api.dll.config
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Elmah.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Mono.Math.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Mono.Math.xml
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\obj\Debug\Orbis.Api.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Orbis.DataContracts.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Orbis.DataContracts.pdb
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Unity.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Unity.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\Preslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Orbis.Api\Orbis.Api\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
